Miss has no forever lover
Only eternal interests
Can you guarantee that Mingyue will always love you?
Isn't he using you all the time?
Instead of waiting for his little love
Why don't you cooperate with us?
Holding a 5% stake
What kind of beautiful woman are you looking for?
You don't have a control technician at all right now
The 5% stake you mentioned
But it's just empty words
Besides
I don't believe you can win the spirit at all
I am now a great hero of the world
Why should I pay for your empty words?
And bet on your sweetheart
Miss Si
Think about it, call me and let me know
how
Heartwarming, right?
I'm excited. The conditions he offers are so tempting.
What if you really like someone else?
No you can't act
I put all my property
I'll transfer it all to you.